Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#208)
ServiceNow/azimuth: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to submit changes

> First, open an issue describing your desired changes, if it does not exist already. This is especially important if you need to add a new dependency. If that is the case, please mention which package and which version you would like to add. Once a member accept your proposition, you can start coding!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, open an issue describing your desired changes, if it does not exist already. This is especially important if you need to add a new dependency. If that is the case, please mention which package and which version you would like to add. Once a team member accepts your proposition, you can start coding!
```
I *think* "team member" is the right term? But I also wondered if it was "maintainer" or "owner" (since we mention project owners below). Anyhow, "member" on its own felt awkward.
